README.md, before:

[![Netlify Status](https://api.netlify.com/api/v1/badges/32128bab-176e-4a45-b21e-7a57425a36d1/deploy-status)](https://app.netlify.com/sites/epic-sammet-7ed06e/deploys)
[![All Contributors](https://img.shields.io/badge/all_contributors-3-orange.svg?style=flat-square)](#contributors)

# webgems.io

This project should help anyone to find new resources but especially beginners in the field to have something they can look things up.

## Built With

* [Nuxt.js docs](https://nuxtjs.org) Nuxt.js
* SCSS
* PUG

## Contributing

Please read [CONTRIBUTING.md](CONTRIBUTING.md) if you'd like to report an issue or contribute code.

## Authors

* **lost.design** - *Initial work* - [lostdesign](https://github.com/lostdesign)

See also the list of [contributors](https://github.com/webgems/webgems/contributors) who participated in this project.

## License

This project is licensed under the GNU General Public License v3.0 - see the [LICENSE](https://github.com/webgems/webgems/blob/master/LICENSE) file for details

Commit message:

:tada: Initial prep for launch of domainer.services site

README.md, after:

[![Netlify Status](https://api.netlify.com/api/v1/badges/32128bab-176e-4a45-b21e-7a57425a36d1/deploy-status)](https://app.netlify.com/sites/epic-sammet-7ed06e/deploys)
[![All Contributors](https://img.shields.io/badge/all_contributors-3-orange.svg?style=flat-square)](#contributors)

# domainer.services

This project should help anyone to find new resources but especially beginners in the field to have something they can look things up.

## Built With

* [Nuxt.js docs](https://nuxtjs.org) Nuxt.js
* SCSS
* PUG

## Contributing

Please read [CONTRIBUTING.md](CONTRIBUTING.md) if you'd like to report an issue or contribute code.

## Authors

* **lost.design** - *Initial work* - [lostdesign](https://github.com/lostdesign)

* **Alex Crocker** - *Maintainer of fork* - [crock](https://github.com/crock)

See also the list of [contributors](https://github.com/domaincord/resources/contributors) who participated in this project.

## License

This project is licensed under the GNU General Public License v3.0 - see the [LICENSE](https://github.com/webgems/webgems/blob/master/LICENSE) file for details
